{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Okay, what are some of your favorite memories in your relationship of 25 years?\
\
Well, definitely the Paris trip was just a wonderful time. Very nice. And what else?\
\
Oh, am I being hyper? No, don't even think about it.\
\
Okay. You know, I was in public speaking, so I can't shut up once I get started.\
\
There was that, and then...\
\
Or what's something you guys like to do together?\
\
This was the start of it. Yeah.\
\
Your dad came over to see if I needed any help because Al had passed away.\
\
And it was a total surprise to me. It was out of the blue.\
\
I thought, you know, okay, well, that was nice of you.\
\
Yeah. And I saw him one other time when Suzanne was in the hospital and there was a select group of teachers that came to see her.\
\
And I was there. That's a dollar. For something, I forget.\
\
That's a Y dollar. It was bad. That was really a nice thing that he did.\
\
And you remember. And I remember that.\
\
And I remember, let see, my mind has about five different things going on, so I don't know what it is for sure.\
\
Oh, I remember that he had gone to a wedding and he stopped by here unannounced in his suit.\
\
Aw. And we sat and talked for a real long time.\
\
Do you remember that, Steve?\
\
Yeah, I should.\
\
There was a mistake. I thought the date was the 13th, I think the 13th of August.\
\
But it was really the 30th, and I was going to go to the wedding, and I was dressed for the 13th.\
\
But it was really the 30th, so I came over here instead of going to a wedding night.\
\
Because you were all dressed up.\
\
Yeah. You were all dressed up and thought, I look good.\
\
Yeah, and no place to go, so I'll just stop by Jan.\
\
Yeah. Oh, that's amazing.\
\
Yeah. And then he helped out around here with something else.\
\
I forget. Maybe, well, the kids and I would do the lawn, but I think maybe he did the lawn once.\
\
And just kept popping up, Amanda.\
\
He just kept popping up. Didn't you, honey?\
\
Now he's been doing that lawn for 25 years.\
\
It's a top lawn? My gosh. A little more. Or more.}