{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Okay, Dad, tell me about how long you and Jan have been together. Jan and I have been together, we figure, since around 2002. We sort of set a date of February 22nd, 2002, as kind of our starting point. Why don't you tell me two memories that are some of your favorite memories of being together?\
\
Well, one of them would be back, way back then, would be when we were in Mexico, in San Jose del Cabo. And we were trying to go to the beach and we went for a long walk on the beach, which was kind of fun too down there.\
\
Another one would be, I guess we always think back in Paris when we walked from the Arc de Triomphe all the way down to Notre Dame. And this is where, along that walk, we stopped into a shop and this is where she bought her dress, the one that she's gonna wear in the wedding.\
\
Very nice. And I just remember that long walk. It was in February as well, and yeah, special.\
\
What are you excited about, um, now that you're finally getting married after 25 years? I excited that I guess finally just pulling the trigger on it and having it done. She beat you down, she didn't, or you beat her down? Uh, you know, I chased her for 20 some years, yeah. And she finally caught. She finally gave in.\
\
That's exciting. So we just decided it might be a good time to do that. Very nice. And just kind of make it official. It takes a lot of guesswork away from a lot of things. Most people assumed we were anyway.\
\
And really, I think it's common law, I think, would have put us married probably every seven years. So three times, we've already been married before. Yes. We'll keep it romantic. Yes.\
\
Also, who's going to be there tomorrow to support you? Well, my brother Jeff is going to be best man. Oh, nice. Jan's daughter Suzanne is going to be matron of honor, I guess. And the flower girl will be Kingsley, who is a granddaughter of Jan. And then Cassius, my grandson, will be a ring bearer. Very exciting. Okay, thank you very much. You're welcome.\
}