{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Wedding Toast Date: Feb 22, 2026 For: Steve Paulson & Jan Culpepper By: Jeff Paulson, Best Man Good Afternoon! It is SUCH a privilege to have the opportunity to say a few words about my favorite older brother, Steve, and his bride, Jan. Steve and Jan\'91s life path hasn\'92t always been straight. Both of their lives have had detours, surprises, and lessons. And for the past 25 years - a second chance. By the time we reached this stage in our lives, we know who we are. We know what truly matters. We know that love isn\'92t about perfection. It\'92s about partnership. It\'92s about kindness on ordinary days. It\'92s about showing up - bothering for each other, even when things aren\'92t easy. We have all witnessed how Jan and Steve show up, not only for each other, but for each other\'92s families. And as we are witnessing today - their families showing up for them. Caser, Shaker, Suz and Jeffrey, thank you for embracing my brother Steve. Your long time support of their relationship has helped solidify their union. Amanda and Deidre, since the day you were born, you have been the apple of your father\'91s eye. And the two of you, are his legacy. It\'92s wonderful that you are both here today to support your father and Jan, celebrate this important moment. The love between Steve and Jan isn\'92t young love. It\'92s better. It is love that has been tested and measured by life. Love that understands the value of time and commitment. Love that chooses every day to walk forward, together - Forever! Jan, thank you for loving my brother in the many ways - both big and small that you do. It is beyond feelings and emotions. Steve, I have never seen you more at ease and at peace. And I am very happy for both of you. So please - let us raise our glasses to companionship, to laughter, to health , family and friendships. And most importantly - today to Jan and Steve. Cheers.}